Update plugin-reviews.md (#1170)
dxw/playbook: src/govpress-unit/plugin-reviews.md

A plugin inspection mostly involves checking these pattern matches to see if
they represent real issues.

> ## Checking for hosting-environment compatibility
> 
> In addition to general security issues, the plugin should also be checked for
> likely incompatibilities with the hosting environment.
> 
> These include, but are not limited to:
> 
> * Direct calls to php files (i.e. in URLs) under `wp-content`.
> * Use of `/xmlrpc.php`.
> * Assumption the directories other than `wp-content/uploads` or
>   `wp-content/cache` can be written to (unless otherwise configurable).
> * Use of PHP sessions (check for `session_start()`)
> * Assumption that `wp_` is the database prefix.
> * Assumption that `/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php` can be accessed by non-logged-in
>   users.
> * Reliance on PHP modules other than those suggested by WordPress core.
> * Reliance on `.htaccess` files.
> * Features likely to take more than 30 seconds to output responses, even
>   in the administrative interface.

Reviewer: Just a few minor suggestions to keep it playbook style

```suggestion
## Checking for hosting environment compatibility

In addition to general security issues, the plugin should also be checked for
likely incompatibilities with the hosting environment.

These include, but are not limited to:

* direct calls to PHP files (i.e. in URLs) under `wp-content`
* use of `/xmlrpc.php`
* an assumption that it's possible to write to directories other than
  `wp-content/uploads` or `wp-content/cache` (unless otherwise configurable)
* use of PHP sessions (check for `session_start()`)
* an assumption that `wp_` is the database prefix
* an assumption that `/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php` can be accessed by users who
  are logged out
* reliance on PHP modules other than those suggested by WordPress core
* reliance on `.htaccess` files
* features likely to take more than 30 seconds to output responses, even
  in the administrative interface
```
